docs: Update AutoGrid and AutoForm with new properties (#3344)
vaadin/docs: articles/components/auto-form/index.adoc

----
--

> If required, you can also use the `hiddenFields` property to specify which fields should be hidden.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can also use the `hiddenFields` property to specify which fields should be hidden.
```
